from the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
from the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel saying if a woman
the children of Israel saying if a woman
the children of Israel saying if a woman has conceived and born a male child then
has conceived and born a male child then
has conceived and born a male child then she shall be unclean seven days as in
she shall be unclean seven days as in
she shall be unclean seven days as in the days of her customary impurity she
the days of her customary impurity she
the days of her customary impurity she shall be unclean and on the eighth day
shall be unclean and on the eighth day
shall be unclean and on the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be
the flesh of his foreskin shall be
the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised she shall then continue in
circumcised she shall then continue in
circumcised she shall then continue in the blood of her purification 33 days
the blood of her purification 33 days
the blood of her purification 33 days she shall not touch any hallowed thing
she shall not touch any hallowed thing
she shall not touch any hallowed thing nor come into the sanctuary until the
nor come into the sanctuary until the
nor come into the sanctuary until the days of her purification are fulfilled
days of her purification are fulfilled
days of her purification are fulfilled but if she bears a female child then she
but if she bears a female child then she
but if she bears a female child then she shall be unclean two weeks as in her
shall be unclean two weeks as in her
shall be unclean two weeks as in her customary impurity and she shall
customary impurity and she shall
customary impurity and she shall continue in the blood of her
continue in the blood of her
continue in the blood of her purification 66 days when the days of
purification 66 days when the days of
purification 66 days when the days of her purification are fulfilled whether
her purification are fulfilled whether
her purification are fulfilled whether for a son or a daughter she shall bring
for a son or a daughter she shall bring
for a son or a daughter she shall bring to the priest a lamb of the first year
to the priest a lamb of the first year
to the priest a lamb of the first year as a burnt offering and a young pigeon
as a burnt offering and a young pigeon
as a burnt offering and a young pigeon or a Turtledove as a sin offering to the
or a Turtledove as a sin offering to the
or a Turtledove as a sin offering to the door of the tabernacle of meeting then
door of the tabernacle of meeting then
door of the tabernacle of meeting then he shall offer it before the Lord and
he shall offer it before the Lord and
he shall offer it before the Lord and make atonement for her and she shall be
make atonement for her and she shall be
make atonement for her and she shall be clean from the flow of her blood this is
clean from the flow of her blood this is
clean from the flow of her blood this is the law for her who was born a male or a
the law for her who was born a male or a
the law for her who was born a male or a female and if she is not able to bring a
female and if she is not able to bring a
female and if she is not able to bring a lamb then she may bring two turtledoves
lamb then she may bring two turtledoves
lamb then she may bring two turtledoves or two young pigeons one as a burnt
or two young pigeons one as a burnt
or two young pigeons one as a burnt offering and the other as a sin offering
offering and the other as a sin offering
offering and the other as a sin offering so the priest shall make atonement for
so the priest shall make atonement for
so the priest shall make atonement for and she will be clean
and she will be clean
and she will be clean [Music]